<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                template="/namesTemplate.xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                xmlns:fc="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/comps">

    <ui:define name="content" >

        <ui:param name="restRoot" value="#{request.scheme}://#{request.serverName}:#{request.serverPort}#{request.contextPath}#{msgs.restURIbase}/v#{msgs.apiversion}" />    
      
            <h1> #{msgs.title} - Application Programming Interface</h1>

            <h3>Introduction</h3>
            <p>
                #{msgs.title} manages naming elements for FRIB's Naming Convention.
                Data in #{msgs.title} can be accessed programmatically through a  
                <a href="#{msgs.restReference}" target="_blank">RESTful</a>
                Application Programming Interface (API), which is described in this document. 
            </p>

            <h3>Version</h3>
            The #{msgs.title} API follows
            <a href="#{msgs.semverReference}" target="_blank">Semantic Versioning</a> for its version numbers. The current API version number is #{msgs.apiversion}.         

            <ui:include src="resources.xhtml" />                        

            <ui:include src="represent.xhtml" />

            <h3>Base URI</h3>
            The base URI for Resource Identifiers, on this server, is  #{restRoot}

            <h3>Caching</h3>
            Currently the #{msgs.title} API does not support caching. However, future versions of the API will support caching mechanisms such as 
            Conditional GETs and Expiration Times.

            <h3>Authentication and Authorization</h3>
            This version of the API does not restrict access to its resources. However, future versions will require client applications to authenticate
            themselves to  access  this API. So please be prepared to update you application.
            <i>Note: Authentication mechanisms of Hour Log API will be changed in future. So please be prepared to update you application.</i>          

            <h3>Encryption</h3>
            Hour Log API forces the use of HTTPS protocol. If HTTP is used, Hour Log will redirect it over to HTTPS. 
            Note that the public key of the Hour Log development 
            and QA server may not be signed by trusted Certificate Authorities.

            <h3>Error Codes and Responses</h3>
            The Hour Log API attempts to return appropriate <a href="#{msgs.httpCodes}" target="_blank">HTTP Status Codes</a> for each request.

            <ui:include src="api.xhtml" />

            <h3>Examples</h3>
            <h3>References</h3>
        
    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>