<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                template="./namesTemplate.xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                xmlns:fc="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/comps">

    <ui:define name="content" >

        <ui:param name="restRoot" value="#{request.scheme}://#{request.serverName}:#{request.serverPort}#{request.contextPath}/rest/v0" />    

        <div style="text-align: left">
            <h3> Application Programming Interface</h3>
            <p>Data in the Naming System can be accessed programmatically through a  
                <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer" target="_blank">RESTful</a>
                Application Programming Interface (API). The Naming System API follows
                <a href="http://semver.org/" target="_blank">Semantic Versioning</a> for its version numbers. The current API version number is #{msgs.apiversion}.
            </p>
            <h3>Introduction</h3>
            <p>
                A Name is a unique identifier for a component (device, rack, power-supply etc) in an Accelerator Facility. 
                It is divided into several Name Parts (such as System Part, Device Part, and Signal Part). 
                Each Name Part is further divided into Name Elements. For example, the System Part may have System and Sub-system as its elements. 
                The Naming System manages Name Elements. There are several type or categories of Name Elements. 
                Some examples of the Name Elements are: System, Sub-system, Device Type, Signal Type, and Signal Domain.
            </p>
            <p>
                A name element goes through several phases in its life-cycle: 
                <ul>
                    <li>Inception: When a user requests for a new name element</li>
                    <li>Modification: When user requests for changes to a name element</li>
                    <li>Retirement:  When a name element is removed from the Naming System</li>
                </ul>

                A name element can be in the following states:
                <ul>
                    <li>Approved: It is approved for publication. Even though the name element has not been published, it can be used.</li>
                    <li>In Process or Awaiting Approval: A user has requested for a change, and the change is being processed. It is recommended not to use a name element which is in this state.</li>
                    <li>Published: The name element is part of the current Naming Standard.</li>
                    <li>Deleted: The name element has been removed from the standard. A name in the state, obviously, must not be used.</li>
                </ul>
                Many of the events in the life-cycle of a name element occur due to change-requests from users.
            </p>
            <h3>Work Flow</h3>
            <ol>
                <li>A user submits a change-request. It can be addition, modification, or deletion of a name element.</li>
                <li>Optionally, the user may cancel her request(s).</li>
                <li>A privileged user (administrator), accepts or rejects the request.</li>
                <li>A privileged user (administrator), publishes a new release of Naming System. All accepted change-requests become part of the new release i.e. they are published.</li>
            </ol>
            <h3>Representations</h3>

            The representations of the resources must be specified through HTTP ACCEPT header. 
            This API supports JSON, XML, and Text representations. 
            Examples:
            <ul>
                <li>Accept: application/json</li>
                <li>Accept: application/xml</li>
                <li>Accept: text/html</li>
            </ul>
            <h3>Base URL</h3>
            The base URL for Resource Identifiers is #{restRoot}.
            <h3>Resources</h3>
            <p:panelGrid style="text-align: left">  
                <f:facet name="header">  
                    <p:row>  
                        <p:column>Name</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Method</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Resource ID</p:column>  
                        <p:column>Description</p:column> 
                        <p:column>Parameters</p:column> 
                        <p:column>Examples</p:column> 
                    </p:row>  
                </f:facet>  
                <p:row>  
                    <p:column>Name Element</p:column>  
                    <p:column>GET</p:column>  
                    <p:column>/name</p:column>  
                    <p:column>List of Name Elements. </p:column> 
                    <p:column><ul><li>category: Events for Name Elements of given category</li><li>deleted: (true or false) Include deleted name elements</li></ul></p:column> 
                    <p:column><ul><li>#{restRoot}/name</li><li>#{restRoot}/name?category=system</li></ul></p:column> 
                </p:row>
                <p:row>  
                    <p:column>Category</p:column>  
                    <p:column>GET</p:column>  
                    <p:column>/category</p:column>  
                    <p:column>List of categories of name elements. </p:column> 
                    <p:column></p:column> 
                    <p:column><ul><li>#{restRoot}/category</li></ul></p:column> 
                </p:row>
                 <p:row>  
                    <p:column>Event</p:column>  
                    <p:column>GET</p:column>  
                    <p:column>/event</p:column>  
                    <p:column>List of all events of all naming elements</p:column> 
                    <p:column><ul><li>category: Events for Name Elements of given category</li><li>deleted: (true or false) Include deleted name elements</li></ul></p:column> 
                    <p:column><ul><li>#{restRoot}/event</li><li>#{restRoot}/event?category=system</li></ul></p:column> 
                </p:row>
                <p:row>  
                    <p:column>Release</p:column>  
                    <p:column>GET</p:column>  
                    <p:column>/release</p:column>  
                    <p:column>List of all releases</p:column> 
                    <p:column></p:column> 
                    <p:column><ul><li>#{restRoot}/release</li></ul></p:column> 
                </p:row>
            </p:panelGrid>
        </div>
    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>